[JENKINS-55681] - Make JAXB a detached plugin only on Java 11 (#3865)
jenkinsci/jenkins: core/src/main/resources/jenkins/split-plugins.txt

# See ClassicPluginStrategy.DETACHED_LIST. As of JENKINS-47634 also used by plugin-compat-tester.

> # Columns are: plugin ID, last core release still containing the plugin's functionality, plugin version that's implied, min jdk version where to install the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Columns are: plugin ID, last core release still containing the plugin's functionality, plugin version that's implied, minimum Java specification version where to install the plugin
```

> # Columns are: plugin ID, last core release still containing the plugin's functionality, plugin version that's implied, minimum Java specification version where to install the plugin

Reviewer 2: Getting harder to read—would suggest moving to JSON but, no comments! And we have no YAML lib in `jenkins-core` AFAIK. Sigh…
